- [Instructor] Hey there, so today we are going
to cover how to install Scrapy.
We will use the process that's used
with the Linux Ubuntu Operating System.
So if we head over to scrapy.org, load the page,
and you will see at the top of the page, Documentation link.
So let's click the Documentation,
and as you just moments ago saw
it will redirect us to the latest
official Scrapy Documentation.
Since we want to install Scrapy
we will go to the Installation Guide,
which is located here on the left Navigation Bar.
So let's click the Installation Guide,
and once the page is loaded
we will go to the Platform Specific Installation Notes
and click this,
and since we would like to install this for Ubuntu
we can click this here.
And this process pretty much explains here
the Installation Guide for Ubuntu 12.04 or above,
as you can see, which you are probably using.
So, since Scrapy is a framework
it has several dependencies.
Some dependencies might be already installed,
and some might not,
and pretty much this command that I'm highlighting right now
installs all dependencies that are required
on Ubuntu to run properly Scrapy.
So since it's already ready for you,
let's copy and paste it to the Terminal.
So we go here to the Copy,
and then open new Terminal,
and Paste it here,
and then this will require the password,
you enter the password, hit Enter,
and it should install itself.
Then if you would want to go to this command
to install Scrapy, pip install scrapy,
let's navigate back to the Terminal,
and type in: sudo pip install scrapy
If you don't type in sudo it will probably
require you to type it in to type the password.
So hit Enter once again,
and once it's installed, we will install the IPython.
IPython is used later on for the Scrapy shell.
So to do or to install IPython
you should just type in sudo pip install IPython
and hit Enter, and then once it's installed
that's pretty much it.
So to figure out if you've installed Scrapy correctly,
you should just type in scrapy,
in the Terminal, hit Enter,
and it will load the Scrapy version,
and also if there are any active projects, et cetera.
Or the other process is to type in python, hit Enter,
and then type in: import scrapy.
If it loads without any errors
you are pretty much good to go.
Then to exit the Python shell,
just type in: exit()
and hit Enter, that's pretty much it.
So if you encounter any kind of issues,
make sure to head over to our Q&A section
and ask for help.
And I'll see you in the very next video.